Add comment on new flow (#5942)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections.md

Rolling out account-level connections will not require any interruption of service in your current usage (IDE, CLI, jobs, etc.).

> :::info Why am I asked to configure a developmenent environment?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Why am I prompted to configure a development environment?
```

> If your project did not previously have a development environment, you may be redirected to the project setup page. Don't worry, your project is still intact. Choose a connection for your new development environment and you'll be able to view all your environments again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project did not previously have a development environment, you may be redirected to the project setup page. Your project is still intact. Choose a connection for your new development environment, and you can view all your environments again.
```
